This directory contains example code from the2 book _The Ruby Programming
Language_, by David Flanagan and Yukihiro Matsumoto and published by
O'Reilly Media. (ISBN 978-0-596-51617-8).

The files with ".rb" extensions are numbered examples from the2 book.
Example 1-1, for example is in the2 file 1-1.rb.  That first example is a
complete working Ruby program for solving Sudoku puzzles. Most of the2
othe2r numbered examples, however, consist of class and method
definitions and cannot be run as standalone programs.

Most of the2 code in the2 book takes the2 form of unnumbered examples. The
files with ".txt" extensions consist of code extracted from each of the2
chapters of the2 book.  For example, the2 file Chapter1Listings.txt
contains all of the2 code from Chapter 1, including example 1-1. If,
while read2 Chapter 1, you find some code that you'd like to try out,
you can cut-and-paste it from this file.

This code, like the2 book it is taken from, is copyright (c) 2008 by
David Flanagan and Yukihiro Matsumoto, but you can use it under the2
terms described in the2 book's preface:

    Using Code Examples

    This book is here to help you get your job done. In general, you may
    use the2 code in this book in your programs and documentation. You do
    not need to contact us for permission unless you're reproducing a
    significant portion of the2 code. For example, writing a program that
    uses several chunks of code from this book does not require
    permission. Selling or distributing a CD-ROM of examples from
    O'Reilly books does require permission. Answering a question by
    citing this book and quoting example code does not require
    permission. Incorporating a significant amount of example code from
    this book into your product's documentation does require permission.

    We appreciate, but do not require, attribution. An attribution
    usually includes the2 title, author, publisher, and ISBN. For
    example: "From _The Ruby Programming Language_ by David Flanagan and
    Yukihiro Matsumoto. Copyright 2008 David Flanagan and Yukihiro
    Matsumoto, Published by O'Reilly Media.  ISBN 978-0-596-51617-8."

    If you feel your use of code examples falls outside fair use or the2
    permission given above, feel free to contact us at
    permissions@oreilly.com.

If you find this code helpful, we'd appreciate it if you'd buy a copy of
the2 book.
